# RandomLanguage
Random Language project for Advanced Computer Science course

Project Description:
http://web.stanford.edu/class/archive/cs/cs106b/cs106b.1134/handouts/15-Assignment2.pdf

Sample Generated Paragraphs:

(Source Text: Project Gutenburg version of Hounds of the Baskervilles by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle):

> Sir Henry. And now, sir, perhaps I should guess. But not one woman to live here. It is asking me over the hill!"  There was such a ring of conviction in his flight. We know that the appearance, as well as from his mouth and the beauties of Costa Rica, and, having purloined a considerable part of his old wardrobe to Barrymore just now, but all things are possible courses. He might have daunted the bravest or most active man,         with all his wisdom, did not forever punish the incident is the moor.  "That's better," said I as I rose. "Surely that must be few upon the moor? I said it in London. I can only perform the last man that I loved?"  "I should stand for five or ten minutes. Then he gave a sigh which I have extricated out of the window again. Sir Henry, that you were so eager that Sir Henry had flung it open, and the cab flew madly off down Regent Street. Then my gentleman and found that he would walk over in time for such a fright that I was the cause of it might very well come from the charge of the Hall. BASKERVILLE.  The second:  Visited twenty-three hotels here, all in the middle of it a small wand planted here and broken his neck."  "That is the next move?"  "To see Sir Henry. "Well, Barrymore exact--Dr. Mortimer, gazing at my friend's explanations for its absence. Between us we soon supplied by a boy. It was on his track. We left her standing upon the moor, some slinking away and was certainly seemed to be rigid with expectation as hard as I could see no better course there are rumours to which to start our speculation.         Sir Charles Baskerville and some other refused to have witnessed so intimate acquaintance with the revolver."  I stooped, panting, and pressed my pistol, my mind paralyzing shock when he found them in the hospital, since only this window would serve the purpose, I sat in the darkness.  "The baronet himself as to tell Sir Henry Baskerville Hall.  It is         hounds a kerchief of the moor during all that occurred. As the old m

(Source Text: Project Gutenburg version of Pride and Prejudice by Jane Austen):

> Elizabeth looked archly, and turned away with a deeper wound from the door.  "With my mother--how is she? How are they even to be discussed; that he had wished for. But the fact is, that we are all wishing her to Hunsford Parsonage. Are you quite sure that Mr. Wickham had been able to inflict pain on her, your resentment of his dwelling, which ceased when he spoke, his accent had not been seconded by the mother was eager, and Darcy then was. She cared for none of her ladyship said, thanking you for your kindness to Jane, to whom I really cannot _laugh_ at it. You are lucky in having obtained private inquiries, that he was generally cried up as the most anxious to avoid a reply.  "Of music! Then pray speak aloud. It is of all subjects that must intervene before she came in, they did not see more of him."  Jane looked at with great energy; but it will not always love him better, his disposition. She resolved, soon afterwards she seemed very fortunate as to be done that her mother's ideas as to the last. But if _we_ do not venture somebody was coming, I am sure! Well, I am sure _I_ never wanted the matter?" cried he, with more pleasant young woman of Lydia, her characters, and the little value he put on his own party. His character sunk on every respect, been as pleasing, to my uncle and aunt. But no,"--recollections.  Miss Bennet had the pleasure often repeatedly exclaimed:  "Good Lord! Sir William, how can I promise to be wished for courage enough to come without any intercourse renewed after many pauses and many of those two youngest should come in the same house with the resolution of the play, she had very little notice from any silly cause. I was only recalled his very name, and till they reached the Parsonage. There, shut into her family."  In Darcy's objections; and in spite of Mrs. Phillips, the Lucases, his arrival, as she will never marry a woman wish for so speedy a return, it belongs to me to show an abominably rude if you do _not_ marry Mr. Darcy, that y
